{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red93\green108\blue121;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c36526\c42188\c47515;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22720\viewh19260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Key to scripts\
\
1. Copy_files.sh\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3  This script creates a copy of anatomical and DTI dicom data from ELP to AM/ELP_DTI folder\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.qc_script \
Performs quality control and creates gr_commands_ses.txt file listing subject wise bad gradients [any gradient with >=3 bad slices is considered a bad gradient ]\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Ses-5 
\f0\b0 \
dicom2nii_ses5.sh\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Creates separate temp folders for multiple DICOMS and CONVERTS dicom to nii. Note. load collection module before running on Accre\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 qc_dsi_studio_ses5.sh\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 The  script uses dsi studio to convert the dwi.nii.gz files to src and saves it as 4D.nii.gz files. (This step does not need to be done for ses-7 files)\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 qc_script_ses5.py\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 Python script to read _4D.nii.gz file (ses-5) and convert to nhdr (Slicer) and then generate the QC report.Note to run \
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 gr script
\f0\b0 \
Gives a txt file with list of files with bad volumes >= 3 bad slices - subject ids\
\
gr_dcm_bash_ses5.sh\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 ## This script makes a copy of dicom folder, delete the bad .dcm files according to QC report (gr_commands_ses7.txt) and then runs the dcm2nii conversion to give three files - DTI file, bval and bvec for each subject - and makes a copy of the new nii/bval/bvec/json files to subject specific dwi folder.\cf4 \
\cf2 ## The script uses idfile specified  at the end of this code with subject numbers to loop across subjects\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Ses-7
\f0\b0 \
dicom2nii_ses7.sh\
qc_dsi_studio_ses7.sh\
qc_script_ses7.py\
gr script\
gr_dcm_bash_ses7.sh\
\
3.anat - HZ\
Keep better T1\
\
\
4.\
bval_0.sh
\f1 \cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ## This script converts "5" to "0" of bval files in dwi folder\cf4 \
\cf2 ## The script uses idfile specified  at the end of this code with subject numbers to loop across subjects\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0
\cf5 5. dt6.m,dt6.submit,dt6submit.sh\
## dt6.m is a Matlab script to run dtiInit on one subject. dt6.submit and dt6sumit.sh loops across multiple subjects. To run use terminal [./dt6submit.sh]. Output saved to dwi_analysis folder within each subject folder. Requisite idfile.txt contains ids of subjects to run the dwi analysis. \
\
6. afq.m, afq.sumit, afqsubmit.sh\
afq.m is a Matlab script to run afq one subject, afq.submit and afqsubmit.sh loops across multiple subjects. \
To tun use terminal ./afqsubmit.sh. Output saved to afq_ses5 or afq_ses7 folders as specified.}